=pod

=head1 NAME

MojoX::Date::RFC3339 - Date strings according to RFC3339

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use MojoX::Date::RFC3339;

  my $date = MojoX::Date::RFC3339->new(784111777);
  my $date_str = $date->to_string;
  $date->parse('1993-01-01t18:50:00-04:00');
  my $epoch = $date->epoch;


=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<MojoX::Date::RFC3339> implements date and time functions
according to L<RFC3339|http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339>.
In addition it supports granularity as described in
L<W3C date and time formats|http://www.w3.org/TR/NOTE-datetime>.

This module is meant to be compatible with the L<Mojo::Date>-API
but has no Mojo dependencies.


=head1 ATTRIBUTES

L<MojoX::Date::RFC3339> implements the following attributes.

=head2 epoch

  my $epoch = $date->epoch;
  $date     = $date->epoch(784111777);

Epoch seconds.


=head2 granularity

  my $granularity = $date->granularity;
  $date->granulariy(3);

Level of granularity.

=over 2

=item 0: Complete date plus hours, minutes and seconds

=item 1: Complete date plus hours and minutes

=item 2: Complete date

=item 3: Year and month

=item 4: Year

=back


=head1 METHODS

L<MojoX::Date::RFC3339> implements the following methods.


=head2 new

  my $date = MojoX::Date::RFC3339->new;
  my $date = MojoX::Date::RFC3339->new($string);

Construct a new L<MojoX::Date::RFC3339> object.
Accepts a date string to be parsed.

=head2 parse

  $date = $date->parse('1993-01-01t18:50:00-04:00');
  $date = $date->parse('1993-01-01');
  $date = $date->parse(1312043400);

Parse RFC3339 and granularity compliant date strings.
Also accepts epoch seconds.


=head2 to_string

  my $string = $date->to_string;
  my $string = $date->to_string(3);

Render date suitable to RFC3339 without offset information.
Takes an optional parameter for granularity.
Uses the objects granularity level by default.


=head1 DEPENDENCIES

L<Time::Local>.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

The code is heavily based on L<Mojo::Date>,
written by Sebastian Riedel. See L<Mojo::Date>
for additional copyright and license information.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

  https://github.com/Akron/MojoX-Date-RFC3999


Copyright (C) 2011-2013, L<Nils Diewald|http://nils-diewald.de/>.

This program is free software, you can redistribute it
and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl.

=cut
